# bulls-and-cows

Server code is in **'server'** folder

Client code is in **'client/bulls-and-cows'** folder

Server is configured to run on localhost, port **8080**

Client is configured to run on localhost, port **4200**

If some port configuration is required, please refer to:
- change server port: `server/cmd/srv/main.go` and update `servePort` constant
- change client port: `client/bulls-and-cows/protractor.conf.js` and update `baseUrl` property

### The server app depends on MongoDB with default configuration, listening on port `27017`

### Know issues:
- The auto reolve algorithm in **Browser vs. Computer** mode crashes sometimes for still some unclear circumstances

### Coming up:
- Peer 2 peer gaming

### Before attempting to play:
- initialize Mongo Db with cli `{path to mongod} --dpath {path to mongo data path}`
- initialize the server with `go run main.go` in `server/cmd/srv` folder
- initialize the front-end client with `ng serve --open` in the `client/bulls-and-cows/` folder

### Setting a game

* There are three game options available:
1) **Player vs. Compute** - the computer generate a number and sets a game. The player should input his name and then
has the opportunity to make various guesses until he guesses the number

2) **Computer vs. Computer** - Player should input his name and then will observe how his browser is attempting to guess 
the generated by the server number

3) **Player vs. Player** - A player should again input his name to be identified with. Then he can host or join a game.
If hosting, player will have to join, until another player gets in the game.
A list of available to join games will be available in the game lobby.
After second player joins a game, both of them will be prompted to input and confirm their numbers (that the opponent will have to guess). Then they can makes guesses, until somebody guesses the opponent's number.

**Note that option 3 does not work as expected in Mozilla Firefox. Socket.IO takes too much time to connect.**
